                                                                                                                 THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER.    Wotdi by FBANCIS 3. KIT. 43   
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
 I f Oh, saycanyou see. by the dawn’s early light. What so proudlywe hailed at the twilight’s last gleaming;                                                                
 ** 1 Whose broad stripes and bright stars thro’ the perilous fight,O’er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming :                                              
 • / On the shore aim-ly seenthro’the mistsof the deep, Where the foe’s haughty host in dread silence re - pos es,                                                          
 *1 What is that which the breeze,o’er the towering steep, As it fit-fui-ly blows,half con ceals,half dis-clos es T                                                         
 of Oh, thus be it ev-er when freeman shall stand Bet ween their loved homes and the war's deso - la-tion;                                                                 
 I Blest with vict’ry and peace,may the heav’n-rescued land Braise the po w’r that has made and preserved us a nation.                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                     And the rocket’s red glare,the bombs bursting in air. Gave proof thro’the night that our flag was still there.         
                                                     Now it catches the gleam, of the morning’s first beam, In full glo-ry re - fleeted,now shines o’er the stream.         
                                                     Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our motto,“In God is our trust j"                         
                                                                                                                                                                            
 Chorus.                                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                          Oh, say does that Star span-gled Ban ner yet wave O’erthe land of the free and the home of the brave!                                             
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
 Tis the Star-spangled Banner! Oh, long may it wave O’erthe land of the free and the home of the brave!                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                            
A nd the Star-spangled Banner in tri-umphshall wave O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                            
