THE MORNING TRUMPET.
85
"There shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.-ACTS 24 : 15.
JOHN LELAND, 1833. Key of F Sharp Minor.
B. F. WHITE, 1847.
I.
{ O when shall I see Jesus, And reign with Him above, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning?
And from the flowing fountain, Drink everlasting love, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning? S
Shout, O
glo - ry! for I shall
AAA
2.
{ When shall I be delivered From this vain world of sin, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning?
And with my blessed Jesus, Drink endless pleasures in, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning? S
Shout, O
glo - ry! for I shall
9: 12
2 But now I am a soldier,
My Captain's gone before ;
4 Whene'er you meet with troubles,
He's given me my orders,
And trials on your way,
Then cast your cares on Jesus,
mount above the skies, When I hear the trumpet sound in that morning
And bids me ne'er give o'er ;
His promises are faithful-
And don't forget to pray.
A righteous crown He'll give,
Gird on the gospel armor
And all His valiant soldiers
Of faith, and hope, and love,
And when the combat's ended,
Eternally shall live.
He'll carry you above.
Shout, etc.
Shout, etc.
3 Through grace I feel determined
To conquer, though I die
5 O do not be discouraged,
For Jesus is your Friend ;
And then away to Jesus
And if you lack for knowledge
On wings of love I'll fly ;
mount above the skies,"When I hear the trumpet sound in that morning.
Farewell to sin and sorrow,
He'll not refuse to lend.
I bid them both adieu !
Neither will He upbraid you,
And O, my friends, prove faithful,
Though often you request,
And on your way pursue.
He'll give you grace to conquer,
And take you home to rest.
Shout, etc.
Shout, etc.
John Leland was born in Massachusetts in 1754 and died in 1844. He was a Baptist minister, laboring mostly in Virginia and Massachusetts. His life
and writings were published in 1845 by Miss L. F. Green. His two noted hymns were, "O When Shall I See Jesus?" and "The Day is Past and Gone."
For further sketch see " Bound for Canaan." This is claimed by William Walker under another name. We find it credited to Major White for so long a
time that we are unwilling to make the change as to authorship. See revisions of " Sacred Harp" up to 1869.
