RUDIMENTS OF MUSIC,
Continued.
9
COMPOUND.
5. What is a Diatonic scale?
12. How is the first mode of compound time known?
The different graduations of tones or gamut arranged in a preparee
By the figures six over four. It has a dotted semi-breve for measure
notes, rendered in two and one-half seconds, two beats to the measure, down
order in conformity to some particular key.
and up, accented on first and fourth parts of the measure. It is also called
6. What is a Diatonic Major scale?
six-four time. (Example -).
That in which the same tones occur between the second and third sev-
13. How about the second mode of compound time?
enth and eighth, ascending, and between eighth and seventh and fourth and
It is known by six over eight. One and one-half seconds to the measure,
two beats, down and up, accented on the first and fourth parts of the
third, descending.
measure. It has a dotted minim for a beat note. (Example below.)
. What is a Minor Diatonic scale?
(See example of Minor Mode for the Diatonic scale.) That in which
time.
In some of the books this is called Compound Double and in some Sextuple
the same tones occur between the second and third seventh and eighth, as-
14. What about intermediate tones?
They occur between the regular tones of a key.
cending between fifth and sixth, and second and third descending.
15. In the major key when do we find intermediate tones?
8. What is a scale?
The succession of tones upon which any music is built.
. What is a Chromaticscale?
A .
See "Chromatic scale." A scale in which all the tones, intermediate
and diatonic, occur in successive order.
10. Why is this scale called Chromatic?
Because of the fact that the intermediate tones were formerly written
in colors.
11. What are Accidentals?
Between 1 and 2, 2 and 3, 4 and 5, 6 and 7. (Example below.)
Sharps, Flats or cancel used throughout a composition for the purpose
16. Arc there any other modes?
of introducing intermediate tones or a modulation.
Yes, there are also modes of time as follows:
12
12
12. What is the rule for their continuance?
They are not so frequently used by composers as
Accidentals continue their significance throughout the measure which they
those mentioned above.
occur.
17. What arc the Fractions, placed at the beginning of a composition?
13. What is 1 and 8 in any key called?
The yare called Numerator and Denominator.
The key tone or tonic.
18. What does the Numerator denote?
14. What is the difference between a scale and a key?
The number of pulsation in a measure.
A scale implies a certain order of succession; while the family of tones
19. What does the Denominator denote?
of which it is formed, called the key, may be used in any possible order.
Tell us the kinds of notes which is referred to in each pulsation of the
15. What other difference is there?
measure .
A scale must have eight tones, while the key has seven.
LESSON V.
16. What is the order of intervals in the major key?
1. What does the second department in music treat of?
Major seconds must occur between 1 and 2 and 2, 3, 4 and 4, 5, 5 and 6, 6
Melodics.
and 7. Minor seconds must occur between 3 and 4, and 7 and 8.
2. What is Melodics?
Note-Further explanation of seconds explained elsewhere.
That department of vocal elementary instructions which relates to the
17. What is a Signature?
pitch of tones.
Sharps or flats placed at the beginning of the composition are called
MELODIES.
signatures, which indicate the key of the scale.
18. How many major keys are there in general use?
. What is pitch as applied to music?
There are thirteen.
The acuteness and gravity of any particular sound. Pitch can most sci-
19. Name them.
entifically be defined as a rate of vibration. Rapid vibrations means a high
C, G, D, A, E, B, F sharp, F, Bb, Eb, Ab, Db and Gb.
20. What is a Minor scale?
tone; slow vibrations a deep tone.
A scale in which the intervals from 2 to 3, and from 5 to 6, are minor.
. What is a Diatonic?
21. What is the order of intervals in the minor scale?
Naturally preceding in the order of the degrees of a natural scale, in-
Minor seconds must occur between 2 and 3, 5 and 6, 7 and 8. Major
cluding tones and semi-tones.
seconds must occur between 1 and 2, 3 and 4, 4 and 5, while from 6 to 7 must
be an augmented second.
