INTRODUCTORY.
On the 8th day of September, 1906, the United Sacred Harp Musical
Association, in Atlanta, Ga., passed resolutions, directing the appoint-
7. Under the name of the tune is placed the scripture text upon
ment of a committee on the revision of the Sacred Harp. This com-
which the words of the tune are founded, giving citation of the book,
mittee was appointed and proceeded with the work specified in the
chapter and verse in the Bible.
resolutions, but was hindered in one way and another from carrying
8. In Fugue pieces of music, the lines of poetry have been generally
out the resolutions above mentioned. Several attempts have been made
placed under each of the parts of the music, so as to prevent confusion
within the last two or three years to revise the Sacred Harp by others,
in rendering them. Prismas have been used in but few instances.
but the work was done in such a way this committee could not endorse
9. Corrections of words, in spelling, division of words into syllables,
and accept the same, although their names are attached to some of
arranging and correcting them in many cases so as to get proper pro-
these books as endorsing them. This, however, is without authority by
nunciation and accent. In many other instances, placing the notes and
the members of the committee. The endorsement could not be made
other characters on the right line or space, correcting all the parts so
because the revisors of these volumes did not comply with the resolu-
as to get the music as correct as possible. Inserting rests and other
tions under which the committee was appointed, and after all efforts to
characters on correct line or space, slurs and ties of notes-these correct
get a book published as specified and required in the resolutions had
tions run up into thousands.
failed, and no prospect of getting a publication in accordance with
the resolutions, the committee proceeded last February to make and
10. On the left hand corner of the page, the name of the composer
compile what they have christened the "Original Sacred Harp." A
of the words or poetry, where known, and the date when composed, are
stated. On the right hand corner of the page, the name of the composer
brief statement of the work performed is in part as follows:
of the music appears, where possible to find the name of the author of
1. None of the tunes have been removed from the book as it was
the composition. Some of the tunes have been published for a century
published in 1869. All retain the same names and occupy the same
or more, and no intimation appearing as to who is the author of the
page or pages, except in two or three instances, in which cases it was
words or music, or date of either; and after unlimited research to find
unavoidable.
out the correct authors of words and music, we haven't been able to
2. The bass, tenor, alto and treble are exactly as they were in the
determine in some cases who are the authors of the music and words.
old book of 1869, except to correct errors where notes and other char-
Quite a number of persons are claiming the authorship of words and
acters of music were not on the proper line or space.
music, especially the latter. Where this occurs, we have tried, as best
3. In all tunes which could not be improved by adding alto, it has
we could, to secure the name of the original author, and give credit as
been left out. Notwithstanding this, alto has been composed and added
we believe it to be. In some of them there are only changes of a few
to number of tunes and composed in the same harmony as the other parts
notes in the tunes, and on this, claim them as their own productions. In
in such a way as to greatly improve the melody of each and all the tunes.
such cases, we have credited the original author wherever found. In
These, alto are unlike those other books. Dispersed Harmony has been
some of them, we may make mistakes; if so, an examination will show,
adhered to and the alto is in perfect accord with the other parts
they are few in number.
of the music.
11. Following each of the tunes, odes and anthems, is a brief history
4. More words, or verses, of the same hymn have been added to a
of the author of the music and of the hymn or words, where known, or
large number of the church tunes, in most cases, placed under the lines
else reference to where such information can be found. In these
of the music so it can be easily sung or played, and when the tune has
sketches, the date of the birth and death of the authors is stated and
only one verse, it is generally put in the lower and upper spaces of the
other circumstances about them where known. Many of them make
tune, in many of them under the different parts, where it is necessary
interesting reading and will give an insight into the character and
to do so.
standing of the authors. This has been a very difficult, tiresome task,
for the reason that in many of the hymn and tune books published,
5. At the top of the page the key is stated, in addition to the sharps
there appear quite a number of mistakes in regard to the authorship
and flats.
of music and hymns, as well as dates of births and deaths. The infor-
6. Following the name of the tune, the letters or figures which rep-
mation herein contained can be relied on as being correct, except in
resent the metre are placed.
a few cases. We have also stated where and when many of these tunes
V
