RUDIMENTS Continued.
3
The Seven Shaped Notes.
A table of the comparitive lengths of
The following examples shows the position of the notes on the staff in the dif-
notes.
ferent notations. Shape Notes. Key of C. G Clef. Do, or One is on added line below
A whole note
is equal in length to
Two halves
or
Four quarters
or
- A
Eight eighths
or
3
5 6 7
8 7 6 5
Do, Re, Me, Fa, Sol, La. Se, Do. Do, Se, La, Sol, Fa, Me, Re, Do.
3
Sixteen sixteenths
or
Round Notes, (Read by their position on the staff.)
Thirty two thirty seconds.
Key of E flat. B, E and A flat, (Three flats.) Round notes.
When a dot is set to the wright of the note it adds one half to its length.
2
3 4 5 6
8 8 7 6 5
3 2
A dotted whole note is equal in length to three half notes, ect.
Do, Ra, Me, Fa, Sol, La, Se, Do. Do, Se, La, Sol, Fa, me, Ra, Do.
A dotted whole note is equal to - or
The Scale or Gamut, four Shape Notes.
A dotted half note . is equal to
A dotted quarter note is equal to
Names and position of the four shape notes on the G clef staff. (Key of C.)
As stated above they are called Do, Re, Me, Fa, Sol, La, Se. But their lengths
as to whole, half, quarter ect. are the same in all the books.
There are six notes in relation to the time of each. They are called Semibreve,
Minum, Crochet, Quaver, Semiquaver, and Demisemiquaver.
1
3 4 5
6 7 8 8
The following shows the proportion one note bears another as they appear in the
Fa, Sol, La, Fa. Sol, La, Me, Fa. Fa, Me, La, Sol, Fa, La, Sol, Fa.
songs regardless of notation.
19. Does the shape of a note make any difference about its position on the music
One Semibreve is equal in time to Two Minums.
staff? No, the shape of the notes do not have anything to do with their position on
the staff; they occupy the same line or space on the staff, regardless of the shape
of the note, which is seen by reference to the staff set out above.
Comparative Length of Notes.
Four Crochets,
Eight Quavers.
A TABLE OF THE COMPARATIVE LENGTH OF NOTES.
A whole note is white with no stem, thus:
A half note is a white note with a stem, thus :
Sixteen Semiquavers.
A quarter note is a black note with a stem, thus :
An eighth note is a black note with a stem and flag, thus :
A sixteenth note is a black note with a stem and two flags, thus :
Thirty-two Demisemiquavers.
A thirty second note is a black note with a stem and three flags, thus :
XX
