62
PARTING HAND. L. M.
" But as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you : for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another."-1 THESS. 4 : 9.
Key of G Major.
JEREMIAH INGALLS, 1803.
{ My Christian friends, in bonds of love, Whose hearts in sweetest union join, ) 2. Your company's sweet, your union dear,
Your words delightful to my ear
Yet
Your friendship's like a drawing band, Yet we must take the parting hand. S
{ How sweet the hours have passed away Since we have met to sing and pray; ( 4. O could I stay with friends so kind,
But
3.
How loath we are to leave the place Where Jesus shows his smil-ing face.
How would it cheer my drooping mind!
9:16 %
5 And since it is God's holy will,
We must be parted for a while,
9 And now, my friends, both old and young,
In sweet submission, all as one,
I hope in Christ you'll still go on ;
And if on earth we meet no more,
when I see that we must part You draw like chords around my heart.
We'll say, our Father's will be done.
O may we meet on Canaan's shore.
6 My youthful friends, in Christian ties,
Who seek for mansions in the skies,
10 I hope you'll all remember me
If on earth no more I see ;
Fight on, we'll gain that happy shore,
Where parting will be known no more.
An interest in your prayers I crave,
That we meet beyond the grave.
7 How oft I've seen your flowing tears,
And heard you tell your hopes and fears !
1I O glorious day ! O blessed hope !
Your hearts with love were seen to flame,
My soul leaps forward at the thought
Which makes me hope we'll meet again.
When, on that happy, happy land,
We'll no more take the parting hand.
duty makes me understand That we must take the parting hand.
8 Ye mourning souls, lift up your eyes
To glorious mansions in the skies ;
12 But with our blessed holy Lord
O trust His grace-in Canaan's land
We'll shout and sing with one accord,
We'll no more take the parting hand.
And there we'll all with Jesus dwell,
So, loving Christians, fare you well.
Jeremiah Ingalls was a native of the State of Massachusetts; born in 1764 and died in 1828. In 1804 he published a book called "Christian Harmony." The
above tune, "Parting Hand," was composed in 1803. He was a music teacher, and traveled through the States of New Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusetts.
Among some of the leading tunes of his are "Northfield" and "New Jerusalem." A more extended sketch of Mr. Ingalls is given under the tune of " North-
field." It may be that he wrote the words to "Parting Hand," as well as the music. He usually wrote the words to his own tunes.
Copyright, 1909, by J. S. James.
