NO. 20.THOUGHTS OF A GRATEFULSOUL
UPON THESUFFERINGS AND
DEATH OF JESUS

Words arranged by C. A. Tindley.

1—Come every  one that loves the Lord,
  Let us act the part of justice—Hallelujah.
Let us walk the self-denial road
  In the way of suffering Jesus—Hallelujah,
He was tried bv Pontius Pilate—Hallelujah,
  And was scourged by Romam soldeirs—Hallelujah.

2—And while he bore the heavy cross
  Jesus fell beneath his burden—Hallelujah,
That all the world of sinners' loss
  Might receive a gracious pardon—Hallelujah.
Then they found a man named Simon—Hallelujah,
  And they made him help King Jesus—Hallelujah.

3—And while he wagged up Calvary,
  Hark! how the women were crying—Hallelujah.
They saw him going to that tree,
  Precious Lamb for sinners dying—Hallelujah.
Don't you see your suffering Jesus—Hallelujah,
  Answering the demands of justice—Hallelujah.

4—Behold Him going to the tomb
  To prepare the way for dying—Hallelujah.
They  embalmed Him with some rich perfume,
  'Twas the act of purifying—Hallelujah.
Oh, what do you think of dying—Hallelujah;
  Don't you think its very trying?—Hallelujah.

5—Jesus laid three days in the silent tomb
  Grim monster Death to conquer—Hallelujah.
On the third day Gabriel came and rolled away the stone
  From the mouth of the sepulchre—Hallelujah.
Then up rose conquering Jesus—Hallelujah,
  Into Galilee He walked—Hallelujah.

6—And when we arə tempted and when we are tried,
  We must go and bow to Jesus—Hallelujah.
Who once for us was crucified
  To appease the wrath of justice–Hallelujah.
What a wonderful working Jesus—Hallelujah,
  Who completed my savation—Hallelujah.

7—A few more suffering days below,
  Just like Jesus we'll be buried—Hallelujah,
But in a coming day, I know,
  Up to heaven we'll be carried—Hallelujah;
Then we'll go, both soul and body—Hallelujah,
  There to reign with God forever.

8—And when we land on that bright shore
  All our sufferings will be ended—Hallelujah.
There we'll remain forevermore,
  It is just what God intended—Hallelujah,
That His saints should reign forever—Hallelujah,
  There with Christ, their elder Brother—Hallelujah.