RUDIMENTS Continued.
The Seven Shaped Notes.
The following examples show the position of the notes on the staff in the dif-
ferent notations. Shape Notes. Key of C. G Clef. Do, or One is on added line below
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
Do, Re, Me, Fa, Sol, La, Se, Do. Do, Se, La, Sol, Fa, Me, Re, Do.
Round Notes, (Read by their position on the staff.)
Key of E flat. B, E and A flat, (Three flats.) Round notes.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
Do, Ra, Me, Fa, Sol, La, Se, Do. Do, Se, La, Sol, Fa, me, Ra, Do.
The Scale of Gamut, four Shape Notes.
Names and position of the four shape notes on the G clef staff. (Key of C.)
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
Fa, Sol, La, Fa. Sol, La, Me, Fa. Fa, Me, La Sol, Fa, La, Sol, Fa.
19. Does the shape of a note make any difference about its position on the music
staff? No, the shape of the notes do not have anything to do with their position on
the staff; they occupy the same line or space on the staff, regardless of the shape
of the note, which is seen by reference to the staff set out above.
Comparative Length of Notes.
A TABLE OF THE COMPARATIVE LENGTH OF NOTES
A whole note is white with no stem, thus:
A half note is a white note with a stem, thus:
A quarter note is a black note with a stem, thus:
An eighth note is a black note with a stem and flag, thus:
A sixteenth note is a black note with a stem and two flags, thus:
A thirty second note is a black note with a stem and three flags, thus:
A table of the comparative lengths of
notes.
A whole note is equal in length to
Two halves or
Four quarters of
Eight eighths or
Sixteen sixteenths or
Thirty two thirty seconds.
When a dot is set to the weight of the note it adds one half to its length.
A dotted whole note is equal in length to three half notes, ect.
A dotted whole note is equal to or or
A dotted half note is equal to or or
A dotted quarter note is equal to or or
As stated above they are called Do, Re, Me, Fa, Sol, La, Se. But their lengths
as to whole, half, quarter ect. are the same in all the books.
There are six notes in relation to the time of each. They are called Semibreve, 
Minum, Crochet, Quaver, Semiquaver and Demisemiquaver.
The following shows the proportion one note bears another as they appear in the
songs regardless of notation.
One Semibreve is equal in time to Two Minums.
Four Crochets, Eight Quavers.
Sixteen Semiquavers.
Thirty-two Demisemiquavers.

