EDMONDS.  7, 8.  (Original.)	115

"But from the beginning of the creation God made them male and female."—MARK 20 : 6.

Key of F Sharp Minor.		ELD. E. DUMAS, 1869.  Alto by S. M. DENSON, 1911.




1. { When Adam was cre-at  -  ed, He dwelt in Eden's shade; }
     As      Moses has re-lat  -  ed, Be-fore a bride was     made.











2. Ten thousand times ten thousand, Of creatures swarmed around,  Be-
fore  a  bride was  form - ed,  Or   a - ny mate was found.











3. { He had no conso - la - tion, But seemed as one alone, }
     Till, to his ad-mi - ra - tion, He found he'd lost a bone.











4. This woman was not taken From Adam's head, we know;   And
she must not rule  o'er  him, It's  ev - i - dent-ly    so.












 5 This woman she was taken
     From near to Adam's heart,
   By which we are directed
     That they should never part.

 6 The book that's called the Bible,
     Be sure you don't neglect;
   For in every sense of duty,
     It will you both direct.

 7 The woman is commanded
     To do her husband's will,
   In every thing that's lawful,
     Her duty to fulfill.

 8 Great was his exultation,
     To see her by his side;
   Great was his elevation,
     To have a loving bride.

 9 This woman she was taken
     From under Adam's arm;
   And she must be protected
     From injury and harm.

10 This woman was not taken
     From Adam's feet, we see;
   And she must not be abused,
     The meaning seems to be.

11 The husband is commanded
     To love his loving bride ;
   And live as does a Christian,
     And for his house provide.

12 The woman is commanded
     Her husband to obey,
   In every thing that's lawful,
     Until her dying day.

13 Avoiding all offences,
     Not sow the seed of strife,
   These are the solemn duties
     Of every man and wife.



    See other sketches of Edmund Dumas, the author of the above tune.  This tune was written and named Edmonds for Eld. Edmonds  who helped to revise the
"Sacred Harp" in 1859.  It was put in the place of the tune "Creation," removed in 1859.  We cannot find when the words were first published.  Mr. Edmonds
taught music with E. T. Pounds.  He lived in Monroe county, Georgia, and died in that county when he was over sixty years old, 1884.