G5i

1
1

1

1
1I
1

1
1
I1
1
1
1
[2i
2.
1
-
E
rrL .:
have been published in tbe early song books of this country, all of  and some of these tunes are new in many respeets. The other tunes are
which has caused tedious research and patience. The plan of writing  selected from authors whose reputations are so well known by musie
sketehes of authors and tunes has not been attempted heretofore by people which guarantees that no tune that comes from their pens ever
authors of music in connection with the tune, except the writer of this  fails to prove they are of the best elass of saered music. The new music
erticle. (See Union Harp and History of Songs published by him in  in this addition is also up to the top of standard saered tunes, and by
1909.) In that book there was a much smaller number of tunes. To composers who do not in any case put forward any but superior tunes.
write the sketeh of each tune and print it, in connection with the musie,  Some of them will at first require careful skill to render them properly,
is an expensive and arduous labor and undertaking that no author before  but when fully understood, thcy will prove to be of very high class
ee ese illie te ettempt or expend. Iowever, it ill greatly add to saered musie. AI1 of thee tncs are arranged in dispersed harmony,
the interest of all tunes to know something of their eomposition and  and in perfeet accord with all the oter music in the book.
the history of the composer of the words and music, and much benefit
gained in reading them by one knowing the source from whenee they
came.
15. In the first of the bool there has been some new music added,
but not in any way to interfere with the musie therein as heretofore
arranged, but to fill pages where they are placed, and at the same time.
c:::cc:::c::::.:: cc::::::c:
:zc:::c:r::::::::::. ::c::::::::::
terial modern improvements. These rules are so arranged as any one
as it has been heretofore, we have put some tunes on pages rollowing by
who cares to do so, can learn how to sing or play at home. They are
continuation of same page, by adding to the same A or B. (See page
:::2:-::::%::
seven shape, or round notes. They are made simple and easy to under-
We are not presenting the book wih high sounding praises, but feel
stand, possessing many new features and additions not heretofore
Pcited, a ver large dietionary, and many things which will prove help-  justified in claiming that it is the best song and tune boo of ts 11
ful in the study of music.
to be found in all the country. We are presenting it to the people with
13. All the plates from which the book is printed are brand new the earnest prayer of this committee that it may in the name of tle
and will give the best results. Nearly all the notes and all other musical great ``Master of all music'' accomplish that whereuno it is sent.
characters are first class.
14. A new Appendix of valuable tunes and anthems has been added.
Quite a lot of this was once in the Sacred Harp. It has been revised
vI
Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1911.
J. S. JAMES,
Chairman.