SHARPS AND FLATS.
The following questions apply to the keys:
fNTT
1. No sharps nor flats, give the key in major and minor.
P. One sharp, give the key in major and minor.
. Two sharps, give the key in major and minor.
4. Three sharps, give the key in major and minor.
65. Four sharps, give the key in major and minor.
6. Five sharps, give the key in major and minor.
,. Six sharps give the key in major and minor.
8, Seven sharps, give the key in major and minor.
9. One flat, give the key in major and minor.
10. Two flats, give the key in major and minor.
11. Three flats, give the key in major and minor.
1, Four flats, give the key in major and minor.
3. Five flats, give the key in major and minor.
14. Six flats, glive the key in major and minor.
15. Seven flats, give the key in major and minor.
The following questions apply to the key note and letter major keys
1 I in flats
r
RUDIMENTS OF MIUSIC, Continued.
i
1. What ls the key note and letter of one sharp
. Wht is the key hote and letter of two sharps:
8. What is the key note and letter of three sharps:
4 What is the ke ynote and letter of four sharps
b. What is the key note and letter of five sharps?
6. What is the key note and letter of six sharps.
7. What is the key note and letter of seven sharps
MAJOR KEYS IN SHARPS-FoUR-NOTE SYSTEM.
1. What is the key note and letter of one sharp?
2. What is the key note and letter of two sharps:
3. What is the key note and letter of three sharps
4. What is the key note and letter of four sharps
5. What is the key note and letter of five sharps
6. What is the key note and letter of six sharps?
7. What is the key note of seven sharps
Note-If seven notes are used, Do will be key note in place of Fa.
MINOR KEYS IN SHIARPS-FOUR-NOTE SYSTEMI.
Note-If seven notes are used the saime key note will apply.
1. What is the key note and letter of one sharp
2. What is the key note and letter of two sharps?
3. What is the key note and letter of three sharps?
4. What is the key note and letter of four sharps?
5. What is the key note and letter of five sharps?
6. What is the key note and letter of six sharps?
7. Whet is the key note and letter of seven shharps?
Note-If seven notes are used, Do will be in place of Fa.
MINOR KEYS IN FLATS-FOUR NOTE SYSTEM.
b ] 1. What is the key note and letter of one flat
2. What is the key note and letter of two flats
8. Wfat is the key mote and letter of three flatsP
4. What is the key note and letter of four flats
5. What is the key note and letter of five flats
6. What is the key note and letter of six flats?
7. What is the key note and letter of seven flatsP
Note-If seys etee e ye the seme e note will apply.
LOCATING THE KEYS-MAJOR KEYS.
SHARPS.
1. What line or space is one sharp located2
2. What line or space is two sharps located
3. What line or space is three sharps located
4. What line or space is four sharps located
5. What line or space is five sharps located2
6. What line or space is six sharps located
7, What line or space is seven sharps locatedP
FLATS.
1. What line or space is one flat located2
2. What line or space is two flats located
3. What line or space is three flats located?
4. What line or space is four flats locatedP
5. What line or space is five flats located?
6. What line or spagce is six flats located
7. What line or space is seven flats located
MINOR KEYS.
SHARPS.
1, What line or space is one sharp located2
2. What line or space is two sharps located%
3. What line or space is three sharps locatedP
4. What line or space is four sharps located2
6. What line or space is flve sharps located
6. What line or space is six sharps located
7T. Wha line or space is seven sharps located
FLATS.
1. What line or space is one flat located
2. What line or space is two flats located
3. What line or space is three flats located
4. What line or space is four flats located
6. What line or spcae is five flats located
6. Whae lint or space is six flats located
7. What line or space is seven flats located2
t
O
Note-Sharps and flats are located on the same line or space, regard-
less of the notation, whether it be four-shape, seven-shape or round notes,
in either method the position of sharps and flats are the same.
TRANSPOSITICN.
The seven primary tones; that is, the voice, represents Relative Pitch.
] ei i ii ei. iiein i5i ai iiii
One, key note, and Do, or Fa in major (and La in minor) means the
]same in the sense that they are applied, as occasion may demand, to the
]lowest or fundamental tone of the scale, on which all the other notes or tones
]depend for their position on the staff for their pitch and for their scale
]relationship.
Absolute Pitch is fixed or stationary tones, and are obtained by means
:iicici;c