.
I

.P.
1(
A
--
RUDIMENTS OF MUSIC. Continued.
ITIMIINT
The Semi-breve is now the longest note in music and is called a measure]
noe. . are certamn moaes or as that tases a aotea semi-breve to fl
a measure.
LEADING NOTE AND KEY NOTE.
In each tune written on the staff there is a leading note and key note.
The leading note is always on some one line or space of the music staff
and so is the key note. When the leading note is discoverel, then the key note
is on the next line or space above or below it, and wherever you find the key
note it is always No. 1.
Two kinds of music are in use, called Major, bright and joyous, and Minor,
plaintiff and melancholy.
When Major music is written, the key note is on the first line or space
above the leading note. In Minor music the key note is on the line or space
below the leading note. (Further explanation made under head of ``Major
and Minor.'')
Tune-When one, two, three or four parts are sung or played, it is
called a tune.
TREBLE
L--
o-s-1
Ic1
Melody ise nown to be a succeseion of harmo-
ies in a tune.
When harmonic cords successfully blend into
L'---] each other
lL-----I
lL k
FLOW OF MELODY.
is a succession of simple tones so arranged as
ALTO
75----1
CGE
--
to produce a pleasing efect upon the ear. (See ex-
ample under head of Melody.
Sharps and Flats-The key note is changed on
the staff by characters called Sharps and Flats.
Sharps and Flats appear just after the clefs
x1
--it------  in the beginning of the tune, if they are used. They
TENOR
are called Signature.
When the key note is discovered either in its
natural place or by sharps or flats, they always
lLaLk.
p------+---7
Ecl eo mn ur reeisr oreer on e asr. ne
.---II--
gE
BASS
changing of key note changes all other notes so
as to follow in their regular order after the key
note on the lines and spaces of the staff.
To emphasize or stress any part of the music
h] is called accent.
e) c:c=c::
There are certain signs in music placed on the
An Air, a Melody-A succession of measured sounds, agreeable to the  cented, the awords or poetry ased in the composition in many tes often
ear and possessing a distinct and striking character; to bring into harmony. ] direct the place for atural accent by the sentiment of the aoords. ``There
The different parts of music are called: 1. Bass, the lowest part; 2. Tenor, ] is time to music.'' There is placed on the music staff signs showing what kind
the leading part; 3. Alo, next to lowest part;g 4. Treble, written on tenor staff. ] of time the music is set to, called Modes of Time. There are numbers of
Note-The Alto, sometimes called Counter, is sung by female voices of] hem, namely: Common, triple, compound and others. Mode of time is a
low register. Bass is sung by male voices of low register. Tenor, the leadi ] particular system of constituting sound, by which the octave is divided into
part (Cantus, song), is sung by male voices of high register. This part, by]
certain intervals according to arrangement of the tune or notes on the scale
some writers, is called Soprano, and is sung by female voices of high register.]
]in major or minor key.
Harmony is the art of binding tones into cords and treating those cords
according to certain rules.
There are figures placed at the beginning of a tune when understood will
Note-Harmony is the foundation of Melody and we must have a know1. ] show into how many parts the measure is divided. The music is divided into
edge of one to appreciate the other. One is not complete without the otherg  measures by placing a small bar across the lines of the staff, each of these
if we hear a succession of harmonies we carrot fail to detect in it a perfect ] sub-divisions by these small bars is a measure. In each of these measures
flow of melody.
there is what is called Measure Bars.