940
RUDIMENTS OF MUSIC, Continued.
COMPOUND.
5. What is a Diatonic scale?
12. How is the first mode of compound time known?
The different graduations of tones or gamut arranged in a preparee
By the figures six over four. It has a dotted semi-breve for measure order in conformity to some particular key.
notes, rendered in two and one-half seconds, two beats to the measure, down
6. What is a Diatonic Major scale?
and up, accented on first and fourth parts of the measure. It is also called
That in which the same tones occur between the second and third sev-
six-four time. (Example —).
13. How about the second mode of compound time?
enth and eighth, ascending, and between eighth and seventh and fourth and
It is known by six over eight. One and one-half seconds to the measure, third, descending.
two beats, down and up, accented on the first and fourth parts of the
7. What is a Minor Diatonic scale?
measure. It has a dotted minim for a beat note. (Example below.)
In some of the books this is called Compound Double and in some Sextuple
(See example of Minor Mode for the Diatonic scale.) That in which
time.
the same tones occur between the second and third seventh and eighth, as-
14. What about intermediate tones?
cending between fifth and sixth, and second and third descending.
They occur between the regular tones of a key.
8. What is a scale?
15. In the major key when do we find intermediate tones?
The succession of tones upon which any music is built.
9. What is a Chromaticscale?
(See "Chromatic scale.” A scale in which all the tones, intermediate
and diatonic, occur in successive order.
10. Why is this scale called Chromatic?
Because of the fact that the intermediate tones were formerly written
in colors.
-- - -
11. What are Accidentals?
Sharps, Flats or cancel used throughout a composition for the purpose
Between 1 and 2, 2 and 3, 4 and 5, 6 and 7. (Example below.)
of introducing intermediate tones or a modulation.
16. Are there any other modes?
J9-12-1
12. What is the rule for their continuance?
Yes, there are also modes of time as follows:
Accidentals continue their significance throughout the measure which they
They are not so frequently used by composers as
occur.
those mentioned above.
13. What is 1 and 8 in any key called?
17. What are the Fractions, placed at the beginning of a composition?
The key tone or tonic.
The yare called Numerator and Denominator.
14. What is the difference between a scale and a key?
18. What does the Numerator denote?
A scale implies a certain order of succession; while the family of tones
The number of pulsation in a measure.
of which it is formed, called the key, may be used in any possible order.
19. What does the Denominator denote?
15. What other difference is there?
Tell us t'ie kinds of notes which is referred to in each pulsation of the
A scale must have eight tones, while the key has seven.
measure.
LESSON V.
16. What is the order of intervals in the major key?
Major seconds must occur between 1 and 2 and 2, 3, 4 and 4, 5, 5 and 6, 6
1. What does the second department in music treat of?
Melodics.
and 7. Minor seconds must occur between 3 and 4, and 7 and 8.
Note-Further explanation of seconds explained elsewhere.
2. What is Melodics?
17. What is a Signature?
That department of vocal elementary instructions which relates to the Sharps or flats placed at the beginning of the composition are called
pitch of tones.
signatures, which indicate the key of the scale.
MELODIES.
18. How many major keys are there in general use?
There are thirteen.
3. What is pitch as applied to music?
19. Name them.
The acuteness and gravity of any particular sound. Pitch can most sci C, G, D, A, E, B, F sharp, F, Bb, Eb, Ab, Db and Gb.
entifically be defined as a rate of vibration. Rapid vibrations means a high 20. What is a Minor scale?
tone; slow vibrations a deep tone.
A scale in which the intervals from 2 to 3, and from 5 to 6, are minor.
21. What is the order of intervals in the minor scale?
4. What is a Diatonic?
Minor seconds must occur between 2 and 3, 5 and 6, 7 and 8. Major
Naturally preceding in the order of the degrees of a natural scale, in-
seconds must occur between 1 and 2, 3 and 4, 4 and 5, while from 6 to 7 must
cluding tones and semi-tones.
be an augmented second.
I?
