JERUSALEM. L. M.
53
“ Hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began.”-TITUS 1: 2.
JOHN CENNICK, 1743. Key of A Minor.
Arr. by WM. WALKER, about 1832.
S Je - sus, my all to heav'n is gone, He whom 1 fix my hopes up - on;
His track I see, and I'll pur-sue The nar-row way till Him I view.
S The way the ho - ly proph-ets went, The road that leads from ban-ish-ment,
2. | The King's high-way of ho - li-ness I'll go, for all His paths are peace.
E
S This is the way I long have sought, And mourned be-cause I found it not;
My grief a bur - den long has been, Be-cause I was not saved from sin.
Then will I tell to sin-ners round, What a dear Sav-iour I have found; ?
I'll point to Thy re-deem - ing blood, And say, “Be-hold the way to God.”
4.
12
I'm
on my jour-ney home to the
SLO! glad
5. | Noth-ing
I come, and thou, blest Lamb, Shalt take me to thee, whose I am;
but sin have I to give, Noth-ing but love shall I re-ceive. }
12
I'm on my jour-ney home to the new
Je - ru- sa - lem,
-
-
-
I'm
on my jour-ney home to the new Je-ru - sa - lem, So fare you well, So fare you well, So fare you well, I am go - ing home.
new Je-ru-sa-lem,
I'm
on my jour-ney home to the new Je-ru - sa - lem, So fare you well, So fare you well, So fare you well, I am go - ing home.
The original title to this hymn was “Christ, the Sinner's Way to God." John Cennick was born in England in 1718. He joined the Methodist societies of
the Wesley's when he was seventeen years old, and afterward became a preacher. A dispute arose in the church, and he afterward founded an independent church
of his own, which was gathered into the Whitfield and Huntingdon connection. Sometime after that he joined the Moravians, and spent the remainder of his life
with them. He died in 1755. He was a man of sincere piety, was a polished poet and writer. His hymns were published in 1741. He was the author of two great
and well-known hymns, "Children of the Heavenly King," and the above-named hymn. The stanzas in both hymns are regarded of the highest standard of
hymnics. The last named has found its way into the hymn books of the American churches. Alto by S. M. Denson, 1911.
This tune is credited to William Walker (about 1832). See “Southern Harmony,'' by him, page 11, 1835; “Christian Harmony,” by same author, page 207,
1866. The tune in its present form was arranged by Mr. Walker, but the author is unknown.
Copyright, 1909, by J. S. James.
