THE MORNING TRUMPET.
85
There shall be a resurrection of the dead both of the just and unjust -ACTS
15.
JOHN LELAND, 1833. Key of F Sharp Minor.
B. F. WHITe, 1847.
O when shall I see Jesus, And reign with Him above, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning:
I.
And from the flowing fountain, Drink everlasting love, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning?
Shout, O
glo - ry! for I shall
When shall I be delivered From this vain world of sin, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning?
2.
And with my blessed Jesus, Drink endless pleasures in, And shall hear the trumpet sound in that morning?
Shout, O
glo - ry! for I shall
2 But now I am a soldier,
4 Whene'er you meet with troubles,
My Captain's gone before;
And trials on your way
He's given me my orders,
Then cast your cares on Jesus,
And bids me ne'e give 'er;
And don' forget to pray.
mount above the skies, When I hear the trumpet sound in that morning.
His promises are faithful-
Gird on the gospel armor
A righteous crown He'll give,
Of faith, and hope, and love,
And all His valiant soldiers
And when the combat's ended,
Eternally shall live.
He'll carry you above.
Shout etc.
Shout, etc.
3 Through grace I feel determined
5 O do not be discouraged,
To conquer, though I die,
For Jesus is your Friend
Farewell And On then wings to away sin of love and to Jesus sorrow, I'll fly
And if you lack for knowledge
He'l not refuse to lend.
mount above the skies, When I hear the trumpet sound in that morning.
Neither will He upbraid you,
I bid them both adieu !
Though often you request,
And O, my friends, prove faithful,
He' 11 give you grace to conquer,
And on your way pursue.
And take you home to rest.
Shout, etc.
Shout, etc.
John Leland was born in Massachusetts in 1754 and died in I844. He was a Baptist minister, laboring mostly in Virginia and Massachusetts. His life
and
writings
published in 1845 by Miss L. P. Green. His two noted hymns were, 66 O When Shall I See Jesus?"' and The Day is Past and Gone.'
For
further
sketch were see 6-6 Bound for Canaan."' This is claimed by William Walker under another name. We find it credited to Major White for SO long a
time that we are unwilling to make the change as to authorship. See revisions of Sacred Harp" up to I869.
