62
PARTING HAND. L. M.
But
as touching brotherly love ye need not that I write unto you for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another.'. THess.
9.
JEREMIAH INGALLS, 1803.
Key of G Major.
Yet
I.
Your My friendship's like a drawing band, Yet we must take the parting hand.
Christian friends, in bonds of love, Whose hearts in sweetest union join, 6 2. Your company's sweet, your union dear,
Your words delightful to my ear
How sweet thelhours have passed away Since we have met to sing and pray; 4. O could I stay with friends SO kind,
But
3.
How loath we are to leave the place Where Jesus shows his smil-ing face.
How would it cheer my drooping mind!
9:26
5 And since it is God's holy will,
9 And now, my friends, both old and youn
We must be parted for a while,
I hope in Christ you'l still go on
In sweet submission, all as one,
And if on earth we meet no more,
We'l say, our Father's will be done.
may we meet on Canaan's shore.
when I see that we must part You draw like chords around my heart.
6 My youthful friends, in Christian ties,
IO I hope you'l all remember me
Who seek for mansions in the skies,
If on earth no more I see;
Fight on, we'll gain that happy shore,
An interest in your prayers I crave,
Where parting will be known no more.
That we meet beyond the grave.
7 How oft I've seen your flowing tears,
II O glorious day O blessed hope
And heard you tell your hopes and fears
My soul leaps forward at the thought
Your hearts with love were seen to flame,
When, on that happy, happy land,
Which makes me hope we'll meet again.
We'll no more take the parting hand.
duty makes me understand That we must take the parting hand.
8 Ye mourning souls, lift up your eyes
I2 But with our blessed holy Lord
To glorious mansions in the skies;
We'll shout and sing with one accord,
O trust His gracein Canaan's land
And there we'll all with Jesus dwell,
We'll no more take the parting hand.
So, loving Christians, fare you well.
field.' Among some It may of be the that leading he wrote tunes the words to are 66 Parting Hand," as well as the music. He usually wrote the words to his own tunes.
above tune, 66 Parting Hand," was composed of his in 66 18o3. Northfield He was )> and a music New teacher, Jerusalem."' and traveled A more through extended the sketch States of of Mr. Ingalls Hampshire, is given under the tune of 66 North
Jeremiah Ingalls was a native of the State of Massachusetts; born in I764 and died in 1828. In I8o4 he published New a book called 66 Vermont, Christian and Harmony." Massachusett TH
Copyright, 1909, by J. S. James.
