ROCHESTER. C. M.
30
And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb. REV. 15
3.
ISAAC WATTS, 1707. Key of A Major.
one.
I. Come,le us join our cheerful songs
With an - gels round the throne; Ten thousand thousand are their tongues, But all their joys are
2. "Worthy the Lamb that died," they cry, "Wor-thy the Lamb," our lips re - ply, Heav'n and earth shall pass a-way: "For He was slain for
us."
sa - cred name Of Him who sits up - on the throne,
a - dore the Lamb.
To bless the
And to
3. The whole cre-a - tion joins in one
4. Let all that dwell a - bove the sky,
And air and earth and seas, Conspire to lift Thy glor-ies high. 46
And speak Thy end-less praise.
Worshiped by all Creation.' Changes in some of American of the verses composers. have been See made. William Billings, Andrew Law, Lowell Mason, 66 Missouri Harmony,' ,: 1837, and
The words of this hymn were first published in the author's 66 Hymn Book and See Spiritual remarks Songs," in reference I707, to the Dr. original Watts title on first being page of this Jesus, publication. the Lamb This of God, tune
Christ
earlier
editions; appears in many Southern of the Harmony,' earliear publications 1835 and 1849 ; 'Christian Harmony,' 1866, and later books.
PROSPECT. L. M.
ISAAC WATTS, 1707. Key of C Major.
Blessed is the dead who die in the Lord. -REv. 13.
I. Why should we start and fear to die? What tim rous worms we mortals are! Death is the gate to end-less joy, And yet we dread to en - ter there.
The pains, the groans, the dying strife, F.ight our approaching souls away; And we shrink back a - gain to
life, Fond of
our
pris-on
and
our
clay.
2.
3
4
3. O
if my Lord would come and meet, My soul would stretch her wings in haste, Fly fearless through death's iron gate, Nor feel the terrors as she passed.
2:
4. Je sus can make a dy-ing bed Feel soft as down-y pil-lows.are, While on His breast I lean my head, And breathe my life out sweetly there.
The and original died in 1748. He was one of the greatest ministers in the world. Prospect is one of the older melodies. It appears in Southern Harmony,"
- title to this hymn was 66 Christ's Presence Makes Death Easy.' Full sketch of Dr. Watts is given in other parts of this 66 book. He was born by in
Walker, 1674 page 92, in I835; also 66 Christian Harmony," and many other books, but none give the author of the music.
Copyright, 1909, by J. S. James.
