RUDIMENTS OF MUSIC,
Continued.
9
COMPOUND.
5. What is a Diatonic scale?
12. How is the first mode of compound time known?
The different graduations of tones or gamut arranged in a preparee
By the figures six over four. It has a dotted semi-breve for measure
order in conformity to some particular key.
notes, rendered in two and one-half seconds, two beats to the measure, down
and up, accented on first and fourth parts of the measure. It is also called
6. What is a Diatonic Major scale?
six-four time. (Example
That in which the same tones occur between the second and third seV-
13. How about the second mode of compound time?
enth and eighth, ascending, and between eighth and seventh and fourth and
It is known by six over eight. One and one-half seconds to the measure,
third, descending.
two beats, down and up, accented on the first and fourth parts of the
measure. It has a dotted minim for a beat note. (Example below.)
7. What is a Minor Diatonic scale?
In some of the books this is called Compound Double and in some Sextuple
(See example of Minor Mode for the Diatonic scale.) That in which
time.
the same tones occur between the second and third seventh and eighth, as-
14. What about intermediate tones:
They occur between the regular tones of a key.
cending between fifth and sixth, and second and third descending.
8. What is a scale?
15. In the major key when do we find intermediate tones?
The succession of tones upon which any music is built.
9. What is a Chromaticscale?
(See "Chromatic scale." A scale in which all the tones, intermediate
and diatonic, occur in successive order.
10. Why is this scale called Chromatic?
Because of the fact that the intermediate tones were formerly written
in colors.
11. What are Accidentals?
Sharps, Flats or cancel used throughout a composition for the purpose
Between 1 and 2, 2 and 3, 4 and 5, 6 and 7. (Example below.)
of introducing intermediate tones or a modulation.
16. Arc there any other modes?
12. What is the rule for their continuance?
Yes, were are also modes of time as follows:
They are not SO frequently used by composers as
Accidentals continue their significance throughout the measure which they
occur.
those mentioned above.
17. What are the Fractions, placed at the beginning of a composition?
13. What is 1 and 8 in any key called?
The yare called Numerator and Denominator.
The key tone or tonic.
18. What does the Numerator denote?
14. What is the difference between a scale and a key?
The number of pulsation in a measure.
A scale implies a certain order of succession; while the family of tones
19. What does the Denominator denote?
of which it is formed, called the key, may be used in any possible order.
Tell us te kinds of notes which is referred to in each pulsation of the
15. What other difference is there?
measure.
A scale must have eight tones, while the key has seven.
LESSON V.
16. What is the order of intervals in the major key:
1. What does the second department in music treat of?
Major seconds must occur between 1 and 2 and 2, 3, 4 and 4, 5, 5 and 6, 6
Melodics.
and 7. Minor seconds must occur between 3 and 4, and 7 and 8.
2. What is Melodics?
Note-Further explanation of seconds explained elsewhere.
17. What is a Signature?
That department of vocal elementary instructions which relates to the
Sharps or flats placed at the beginning of the composition are called
pitch of tones.
signatures, which indicate the key of the scale.
MELODIES.
18. How many major keys are there in general use?
3. What is pitch as applied to music?
There are thirteen.
19. Name them.
The acuteness and gravity of any particular sound. Pitch can most sci-
C, G, D, A, E, B, F sharp, F, Bb, Eb, Ab, Db and Gb.
entifically be defined as a rate of vibration. Rapid vibrations means a high
20. What is a Minor scale?
tone; slow vibrations a deep tone.
A seale in which the intervals from 2 to 3, and from 5 to 6, are minor.
4. What is a Diatonic?
21. What is the order of intervals in the minor scale?
Naturally preceding in the order of the degrees of a natural scale, in-
Minor seconds must occur between 2 and 3, 5 and 6, 7 and 8. Major
seconds must occur between 1 and 2, 3 and 4, 4 and 5, while from 6 to 7 must
cluding tones and semi-tones.
be an augmented second.
