NINETY-THIRD PSALM. S. M.
PHILIP DODDRIDGE, 1735. Key of C Major.
By grace ye are saved. 5.
31
JEREMIAH INGALLS, 1805.
A
A
I. Grace! 'tis a charm-ing sound, Har-mo-nious to the ear; Heav'n with the ech - 0 shall re - sound, And all the earth shall hear.
3
2. Grace first con-trived the way To save re - bel - lious man; And all the steps that grace dis play, Which drew the won-drous plan.
3. Grace taught my wan-d'ring feet To tread the heav'n-ly road; And new sup - plies each hour
I
meet, While press-ing on to
God.
2:
4. Grace all the work shall crown Through ev-er-last ing days; It lays in heav'n the top - most stone, And well de serves our praise.
author of the hymn, was born in London, I702, over two hundred years ago. He was a scholar of high attainments; was ordained to the Nonconformist
This hymn is on Salvation by Grace,'' from the author's hymns, I755. The original name of this tune was 66 Kentucky." Philip Doddridge, D. D. the
orator and theologian. He composed many standard hymns and high-class sacred music.
ministry ; was an English Congregationalist, and for many years pastor of one of these churches, from 1829 to the time of his death, I852. He was a great pulpit
See sketch of Jeremiah Ingalls under the tune 66 Northfield." He is the author of some of the best
tunes
are music of those who composed in his day, and many of his
tune
still popular with the church people, especially in the United States, and many of his best productions are in the leading tune and hymn books of to-day.
in the This Christian appears Harmony," 1866 Ingall's and I9OI. Song See Books,' $6 Missouri beginning Harmony,' 18o5 page to I820 ; 3I, 1837, also in and the many 66 Southern other publications. Harmony,' by Walker, Copyright, 1835 and 1909 by I849, S. by James. same author;
in
Jeremiah
WEBSTER. S. M.
ISAAc WaTTs, 1707. Key of G Major.
If a man love me, he will keep my words."
I. Come we who love the Lord, And let our joys be
known: Join in a song with sweet ac - cord And thus sur-round the throne.
2. Let those re - fuse to sing who nev - er knew our
God; But serv-ants of the heav'n-ly King May speak their joys a
broad
3. The God that rules on high, That all the earth sur - veys, That rides up on the storm-y sky, And calms the roar - ing
sea.
This tune appears in 66 Southern Harmony,' 1835, by William Walker, and many other sacred tune books prior to that time. The original name was
"Heavenly Joys on Earth," appearing in Watts' Hymns of Spiritual Songs.
The
author
of
the
tune (6 Webster' is unknown, it having appeared in a large number of song books for the last sixty years without being credited to any one.
There are certain claims, however that it may have been written by Corelli. We think this is a mistake. The tune may have been taken from a melody by
Handel, but there is no certainty about it.
