NO. 20. THOUGHTS OF A GRATEFULS SOUL
UPON THE SUFFERINGS AND
DEATH OF JESUS
Words arranged by C. A. Tindley.
1 Come every one that loves the Lord,
Let us act the part of justice-Hallelujah.
Let US walk the self-denial road
In the way of suffering esus-Hallelujah
He was tried by Pontius PilateHallelujah,
And was scourged by Romam soldeirs irs-Hallelujah
And while he bore the heavy cross
Jesus fell beneath his ourden-Hallelujah,
That all the world of sinners' loss
Might receive a gracious pardon-Hallelujah
Then they found a man named SimonHallelujah,
And they made him help King JesusHallelujah
3 And while he wagged up Calvary,
Hark! how the women were eryingHallelujah
They saw him going to that tree,
Precious Lamb for sinners dying-Hallelujah.
Don't you see your suffering Jesus-Hallelujah
Answering the demands of justice-Hallelujah.
Behold Him going to the tomb
To prepare the way for dying-Hallelujah.
They embalmed Him with some rich perfume,
Twas the act of purifying-Hallelujah.
Oh, what do you think of dying-Hallelujah;
Don't you think its very trying?-Hallelujah
Jesus laid three days in the silent tomb
Grim monster Death to conquerHallelujah
On the third day Gabriel came and-rolled away the stone
From the mouth of the sepulchre. sepulchre-Hallelujah
Then up rose conquering Jesus-Hallelujah
Into Galilee He alked-Hallelujah.
6And when we ara tempted and when we are tried,
We must go and bow to JesusHallelujah
Who once for us was erucifled
What a wonderful working Jesus-Hallelujah,
To appease the wrath of justice-Hallelujah.
Who completed my avationHallelujah
7-A few more suffering days below,
Just like Jesus we'll be buried-Hallelujah,
But in a coming day, I know,
Then we'll go, both soul and body-Hallelujah,
Up to heaven we'll be arried-Hallelujah;
There to reign with God forever.
-And when we land on that bright shore
All our sufferings will be ended-Hallelujah.
There we'll remain forevermore,
That His saints should reign orever-Hallelujah.
It is just what God intended-Hallelujah,
There with Christ, their elder Brother-Hallelujah.
