NO. zO. THOUGHTS OF' A GRATEFUL SOUL
 A I 1
1 1
UPON THE SUFFERINGS AND
DEATH OF JESUS
Words arranged by C. A, Tindley.
1.-Come every one that loves the ILord,
Let us act the part of justice-Hallolujah.
Let us walk the self-denial road
In the way of suffering Jesus--Hallelujah,
He was tried bv Pontius Pilate-Hallelujah,
And was scourged by Romam soldeirs- Hallelujah.
2-- And while he bore the heavy cross
Jesus fell beneath his burden-Hallelujah,
That all the world of sinners' loss
Might receive a gracious pardon-- Hallelujah.
Then they found a man named Simon-- Hallelujah,
. And they made him help King Jesus--Hallelujah.
3-And while he wagged up Calvary,
Hark how the women were crying-Hallelujah.
They saw him going to that tree,
Precious Lamb for sinners dying-Hallelujah.
Don't you see your suffering Jesus-Hallelujah,
Answering the demands of justice--Hallelujah.
4-Behold Him going to the tob
To prepare the way for dying-Hallelujah.
They embalmed Him with some rich perfume,
Twas the act of purifying-Hallelujah.
Oh, what do you think of dying-Hallelujah;
Don't you think its very trying-Hallelujah.
5-Jesus laid three days in the silent tomb
Grim monster Death to conque--Hallelujah.
On the third day Gabriel came and- rolled away the stone
From the mouth of the sepulchre--Hallelujah.
Then up rose conquering Jesus-Hallelujah,
Into Galilee He walked-Hallelujah.
6--And when we are tempted and when we are triod,
wo must go and bow to Jesus-Hallelujah.
WVho once for us was crucifed
o appease the wrath ot istice-eewih
wHa a wonderful working Jesus-Halleliah.
o completed my savation-Halleluiah.
I-A few more suffering days below
5ds iie esus weilbo turied-Haleluiah.
But in a coming day, I know,
iiiHeoioeare--,s,ie;
T eii g6, bot soul and boay-Halleluiah
There to reign with God forever.
8-And when we land on that bright ere
ifi siienigs ii o enaed-alleluiab
There we'll remain forevermore,
iis jisi ha God tenaea-tllele,
riii iis iid roin torever,-j,
`Fi iti'iiiaer Bsohos-anliiahn