ee

        
    
     
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   

4 RUDIMENTS OF MUSIC. Continued.
FLOW OF MELODY.

The Semi-breve is now the longest note in music and is called a measure | ‘onan
note. There are certain modes of Time that takes a dotted semi-breve to fill | Melody is known to be a succession of harmo-
as nies in a tune.
a measure. #4 — -_@—0- When harmonic cords successfully blend into
LEADING NOTE AND KEY NOTE. ae eos nae

 

is a succession of simple tones so arranged as
to produce a pleasing effect upon the ear. (See ex-
ample under head of Melody.

Sharps and Flats—The key note is changed on
the staff by characters called Sharps and Flats.

Sharps and Flats appear just after the clefs
in the beginning of the tune, if they are used. They
are called Signature.

In each tune written on the staff there is a leading note and key note.
The leading note is always on some one line or space of the music staff

and so is the key note. When the leading note is discovered, then the key note
is on the next line or space above or below it, and wherever you find the key

note it is always No. l.

 

Two kinds of music are in use, called Major, bright and joyous, and Minor, = ; 2 ; heey
f ice esa When the key note is discovered either in its

plaintiff and melancholy. natural place or by sharps or flats, they always

When Major music is written, the key note is on the first line or space come in their regular order on the staff. The

changing of key note changes all other notes so
as to follow in their regular order after the key

 

above the leading note. In Minor music the key note is on the line or space

below the leading note. (Further explanation made under head of “Major | BASS note on the lines and spaces of the staff.

: ” To emphasize or stress any part of the music
and Minor.”) i I y PF

¢ "34. Ba is called accent.
)2 oe ss | There are certain signs in music placed on the

Tune—When one, two, three or four parts are sung or played, it is
staff showing where and how the tune is to be ac-

 

called a tune.

An Air, a Melody—A succession of measured sounds, agreeable to the cented, the words or poetry used in the composition m many tunes often

ear and possessing a distinct and striking character; to bring into harmony. direct the place for natural accent by the sentiment of the words. “There

The different parts of music are called: 1. Bass, the lowest part; 2. Tenor, is time to music.” There is placed on the music staff signs showing what kind

the leading part; 3. Alto, next to lowest part; 4. Treble, written on tenor staff. | of time the music is set to, called Modes of Time. There are numbers of

Note—The Alto, sometimes called Counter, i by female voices
£ d Bd 5 2c8 ounter, is sung by female voices of . . :
ate them, namely: Common, triple, compound and others. Mode of time is @

low register. Bass is sung by male voices of low register. T adi
zister. ass 1 y me gister. Tenor, the leading ; ue : ‘ go :
; : a? particular system of constituting sound, by which the octave is divided into

part (Cantus, song), is sung by male voices of high register. This part, by
certain intervals according to arrangement of the tune or notes on the scale
some writers, is called Soprano, and is sung by female voices of high register.
in major or minor key.

Harmony is the art of binding tones into cords and treating those cords

according to certain rules. There are figures placed at the beginning of a tune when understood will

show into how many parts the measure is divided. The music is divided into

Note—Harmony is the foundation of Melody and we must have a knowl-

edge of one to appreciate the other. One is not complete without the other; | ™easures by placing a small bar across the lines of the staff, each of these

if we hear a succession of harmonies we carrot fail to detect in it a perfect sub-divisions by these small bars is a measure. In each of these measures

flow of melody. there is what is called Measure Bars.

 

 

 

 
